What I Learned. 
Eric Dong

I feel like I really started to grow into my shoes with this project. Although, admittedly, I don't think this project was perfect by any means. However, I learned a decent amount.

To list some of the major concepts I learned:
  1. Creating many-to-many relationships in an Sqlite3 database
  2. Using BLOB datatype in an Sqlite3 databases
  3. Querying from many-to-many linked tables
    3.1 This was lowkey an eye opener, and also a little annoying. I'm new to python and honestly coding in general (I'm a first year), so working with large sets of data was definitely a hill I had to try and conquer with what we had learned. 
  4. Plotting on a pie chart
  5. Using matplot subplots
  6. Working with Oaut2.0, and handling authorization
    6.1 Using a socket server in a very practical situation (I never thought I'd do that).
  7. Basics of github (pull, push, commit, etc.)
    7.1 Merging is a real pain in the butt.
    7.2 Cooperating via github ASYNCHRONOUSLY is also a real pain in the butt. I've done a group project before using Replit, and it was a very pleasant experience because you could visually see where and what your team is doing in real time, making coordination very easy. 
        With github, it feels like I'm coding in the blind, but communicating via Discord made it somewhat easier to deal with.
  8. Modularizing functions and implementing them in a GUI
    8.1 I think with some of the labs, I really struggled and doubted how I would have different windows interact with one another (not so much for lab2, that was easy).
        I feel like I had an epiphany. Modules exist! Despite having used them the entire quarter. -_-
  9. Using pyplot subplots with Tkinter
    9.1 This was weird and new. I could work with an array of plots in an object oriented manner and it was kind of exciting how many things you could do with it.
    9.2 Matplot documentation is an eyesore.
  10. You can make tk buttons flat, and not look ugly
  11. You can load images into tk. 
  
